Beichen, the more I think about that Lin Jingyun, the angrier I get
When can I get through the door?
Don't worry, at my mother's birthday party tomorrow
You present the gift you have prepared to your mother
At that time, I will take the opportunity to announce that I will accept you as a concubine
From now on, you will be the second aunt of the Gu family
Young people dare not bully you with me
Oh, right.
How are you going to deal with Officer Lin?
This one.
It's a secret.
Mother's birthday party in a few days
Explain what you have prepared
Make no mistake.
Yes, ma'am.
Go get ready yeah
What's the order of the aprons?
All is well
Goldfish I want at my mother's birthday party
Officially take everything on the screen
The mother has made this matter clear
He will not agree
What my mother said was also a plan
After all, the picture is still pregnant with my flesh and blood
Jin Woo, you wouldn't disagree, would you?
If my sister doesn't like me
The sister is gone
Beichen
You will forget about us mother and son in the future
The thrush sister wants to see the Overseer's Palace
Of course I would like to
Just the mother's side
Great, as long as my sister wants to
We'll figure it out on the old lady's side
Thank you, sister.
The day of the old lady's birthday banquet
I want to be in front of all the wealthy families in Golden Bottle City
Enter the Gu family
And you will only be reduced to my stepping stone
Don't get complacent too early
Love words are undecided
Everything is unknown
Wait for the birthday party tomorrow
I'm going to ruin my reputation